Update AI/LLM policy (#3506)
lxc/incus: AGENTS.md

# Legal

 - All contributions to this repository must be compatible with the Apache 2.0 license.
 - Specifically (but not limited to), contributions cannot include code licensed under the terms of the GPL, AGPL or LGPL licenses.
 - Only human beings are allowed to sign the Developer Certificate of Ownership (DCO / Signed-off-by).
 - Only human beings can ever be credited within commit messages.

# Formatting

 - Code comments should be no longer than one line, unless they are required to cover complex unintuitive logic.
 - Commit messages should similarly be kept as short and to the point as possible, no need to summarize the whole issue.

>  - We don't use the define and test one line `if` syntax, instead splitting defintion and testing across two lines.

Reviewer: In general, this is covered by our linting config, correct? So the goal here is to give specific instructions to save some tokens.

Based on the wording used in [Effective Go](https://go.dev/doc/effective_go#control-structures), I suggest something along those lines:

```suggestion
 - We don't use the initialization statement for `if` and `switch` statements (setup local variable and test one line syntax), instead splitting defintion and testing across two lines.
```

If we see, that agents still fail on this, we might consider to add "good/bad" examples, which normally work very well with LLMs.
